---
layout: post
title: "Updates"
date: 2012-11-30 09:30
comments: true
categories: updates  
author: Lee Newson

---

* Upgraded Hibernate from 3.6.8 to 3.6.10
* Fixed database collations to correctly use UTF8 instead of latin1. Fix for BZ#857183.
* Removed old database tables that were no longer being used.
* Fixed some spelling mistakes on database table columns.
* Fixed an issue that was causing Image revisions not to be saved.
* Added the Timestamp field to the log table on the Topic View page.
* Re-implemented the back-end querying. This was primarily done to fix BZ#837993 and BZ#869459.
* Fixed an issue that would cause the session to disconnect with the database upon some errors. See BZ#869623.
* Fixed an issue that was causing log messages to not be set when using anything but the REST Easy client code. See BZ#879412.
* Updated how logging is used via the REST API. It no longer takes in a `RESTLogDetails` object and instead has three query parameters: `message`, `flag` and `userId`. All parameters are optional.
* Fixed the XML endpoints to include the doctype definitions. To go with this a doctype is now associated with all topics, however Docbook 4.5 is the only supported option so it can't be set when creating a topic. See BZ#869129.
* Some optimisation on the REST endpoints to help speed up requests.
* Added server GUI monitoring tools, viewable only by admins.
* Fixed some bugs found in the REST API during the new GUI testing.
* Changed the IA account password to encourage users to use their kerberos account.
* Added new REST endpoints:
	* All primary JSON endpoints that don't return a collection, now have a revision endpoint. eg `/rest/1/tag/get/json/<ID>/r/<REVISION>`
	* Added a RAW image endpoint that will return the image data directly. eg `/rest/1/image/get/raw/10`